This is my first attempt at ***Structure Diagram Generation***.

I'm a complete novice in the field of cheminformatics (this project
also marks the start of my foray into computational biochemistry). I'm
starting here because it seems very promising to me that one can apply
metaheuristics to the discovery and optimization of chemical 
syntheses... plus, having SDG libraries (assuming this project makes it
to maturity) will help me later on.

_Don't use any of this code for anything_. It doesn't work yet 
whatsoever--I'm still reading the literature. My primary goal for this
project is to learn about the field, not really to produce anything 
production ready. I think there's already SDG software for Python, 
anyway. 

Project Scope
=============
This is entirely experimental. I want to accomplish the following:

Easy objectives 
---------------

* **SMILES parsing** -- _Done (mostly)_
* **Chemical graph canonicalization** -- Morgan's algorithm, etc. Done, aside 
  from proper stereochemistry. 
* **Canonical SMILES generator**
* **InChI parsing**
* **InChI generator**
* **IUPAC chemical name generator**

Harder objectives
-----------------

* **First attempt at SDG** -- work in progress
* **SA or GA to improve diagram quality**
* **Chemical reaction representation**
* **Automated chemical synthesis design**

Reference Literature
====================

* Helson, H. E. "Structure Diagram Generation", 
  _Reviews in Computational Chemistry_, **13**, 313 (1999).

* Downs, G. M. et al., "Review of Ring Perception Algorithms for Chemical
  Graphs", _J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci._, **29 (3)**, 172-187 (1989).

* Zamora A. "An Algorithm for Finding the Smallest Set of Smallest Rings",
  _J. Chem. Inf. Comput. Sci._, **16 (1)**, 40-43 (1976).

* Faulon et al., _Handbook of Chemoinformatics Algorithms_, 
  Chapman and Hall/CRC Mathematical and Computational Biology (2010)

